<HTML>
<HEAD>
<META HTTP-EQUIV="Content-Type" CONTENT="text/html; charset=windows-1252">
<META NAME="Generator" CONTENT="Microsoft Word 97">
<TITLE>MORES CREEK AMBULANCE REGULAR MEMBER MEETING</TITLE>
<META NAME="Template" CONTENT="C:\DOCUME~1\ADMINI~1\LOCALS~1\Temp\MCA Minutes-May 2001.dot">
</HEAD>
<BODY LINK="#0000ff">

<FONT SIZE=2><P>MINUTES OF</P>
<P>MORES CREEK AMBULANCE REGULAR MEMBER MEETING</P>
<P>May 15, 2001</P>

<P ALIGN="JUSTIFY">Beth Chandler called the Regular Member Meeting of Mores Creek Ambulance to order at 7:00 p.m. The meeting was held at the Mores Creek Ambulance Building.  Officers present: Beth Chandler, President-elect and Carol Riazzi, Secretary/Treasurer. </FONT><FONT SIZE=2 COLOR="#ff0000"> </FONT><FONT SIZE=2>Members present: Beve Doolittle, Maureen Ericksen, Beth Gorringe, Drew Bodie, John McCarthy, Dave McGlone, Terry Acker, Rhonda Grindstaff, Gus Catherman, Bren Parkhurst, Matt Darr, Andrew Smith, Mietta Sibert, and Jim Bryant.</P>
<P ALIGN="JUSTIFY"></P>
</FONT><FONT SIZE=2 COLOR="#ff0000"><P ALIGN="JUSTIFY">MEETING TIME CHANGE –Beth mentioned that future member meetings would commence at 6:45 so that any pertinent business can be discussed prior to commencing training.  We'll utilize the Newsletter for as much communication as possible, but some things need to be discussed in person.  She also asked if anyone was having problems receiving the Newsletter via email &amp; if so, give Carol stamps &amp; copies will be mailed to your home.</P>
</FONT><FONT SIZE=2><P ALIGN="JUSTIFY"></P>
<P ALIGN="JUSTIFY">WEBSITE -- Terry Acker mentioned that he would be ordering the domain name tomorrow and discussed the workings of a live calendar.</P>
<P ALIGN="JUSTIFY"></P>
<P ALIGN="JUSTIFY">HANDBOOKS -- Member handbooks are very close to being ready for distribution--they will be a continuing "work in progress".  The SOP's &amp; By-Laws are in their final stages &amp; will be included in the Handbooks.  </P>
<P ALIGN="JUSTIFY"></P>
<P ALIGN="JUSTIFY">NEW POSITIONS -- The Strategic Planning Committee is developing a plan to guide the unit through the next few years.  A new position was created---Infection Control Officer--and Gus Catherman has graciously accepted.  He will establish procedures &amp; protocols regarding blood pathogens &amp; decontamination issues.  Dave McGlone asked if this position would work with the Fire Departments also.  Beth responded that Gus would work with the fire departments--John McCarthy offered to assist Gus in this area.  She also mentioned that Bill Bishop, Hal Gross &amp; Deanna Smith would be good sources of information.  This position will also work closely with the Safety Officer &amp; Training Officers.</P>
<P ALIGN="JUSTIFY"></P>
<P ALIGN="JUSTIFY">An additional position established was Personnel Director.  The Personnel Director would be responsible for keeping track of records (application, copies of certifications, CE hours, etc.).  This position was discussed at the last Executive Board Meeting &amp; the duties were segregated into two functions---File maintenance and personnel issues.  Matt &amp; Dirk volunteered to split up the duties.  Maureen also offered to help.  Team Leaders will be liaisons.  Personnel files will be established &amp; locked.  John McCarthy suggested that the entire membership needs to have an opportunity to express interest in new positions.</P>
<P ALIGN="JUSTIFY"></P>
<P ALIGN="JUSTIFY">DECONTAMINATION PAN -- There is now a decontamination pan in the ambulance bay with a bottle of Clorox to walk through after "blood exposure" calls.  The carpet should be placed in a hazmat bag.  A sign will be posted in the ambulance bay concerning solution disposal.</P>
<P ALIGN="JUSTIFY"></P>
<P ALIGN="JUSTIFY">AMBULANCE CLEANING -- There is a brush that fits on the end of a hose &amp; a bucket in the ambulance bay to be used to wash the ambulance.</P>
<P ALIGN="JUSTIFY"></P>
<P ALIGN="JUSTIFY">SUPPLY BOARD -- There is a whiteboard posted above the run report file pocket in the ambulance bay to be used to list supplies that are needed in the ambulance.  Some supplies are available in the ambulance bay; others have to be retrieved by the Supply &amp; Equipment Officer (Beth Gorringe) from the Idaho City ambulance building.  The Idaho City Ambulance building combination has changed to 12-7-4.  Matt Darr offered to accompany Beth G. to the Idaho City shed to assist in supply retrieval.</P>
<P ALIGN="JUSTIFY"></P>
</FONT><FONT SIZE=2 COLOR="#ff0000"><P ALIGN="JUSTIFY">SCAVENGER HUNT -- John McCarthy reported that the Scavenger Hunt will be June 9--meet at the Ambulance building at 3:00 p.m.  This is a good opportunity for team building &amp; familiarization with Boise County maps.  There will be 5 different locations; each team will receive a map to retrieve their cooler of food.  John will send an email to everyone as to what he needs for this event.   He also mentioned the Extrication Training this Sunday, May 20 at 9:00 at the Idaho City junkyard---it should last about 6 hours</FONT><FONT SIZE=2>. </P>
<P ALIGN="JUSTIFY"></P>
<P ALIGN="JUSTIFY">SOUTH IDAHO EMS CONFERENCE -- Being held this Saturday &amp; Sunday at BSU's Student Union Building.  </P>
<P ALIGN="JUSTIFY"></P>
<P ALIGN="JUSTIFY">BOISE 2001 CONFERENCE IN AUGUST -- This is a week long conference--there are several good opportunities for Special Team training---water rescue, ropes, etc.  Beth will send more details in an email.</P>
<P ALIGN="JUSTIFY"></P>
<P ALIGN="JUSTIFY">LIFE FLIGHT PARTY -- Carol Riazzi sent an email to all members regarding Life Flight's 15<SUP>th</SUP> Anniversary party on Friday, May 18---the invitation is posted on the bulletin board.  Everyone is invited.</P>
<P ALIGN="JUSTIFY"></P>
<P ALIGN="JUSTIFY">STRATEGIC PLANNING COMMITTEE---Beth passed out a sheet listing various qualities that the Planning Committee feels would reflect MCA Values.  Everyone was asked to circle the 10 values they felt were most important to the unit.  Also, the SPC is discussing special teams--an e-mail will be sent out on this.  The Committee is open to ideas---e.g., water training, rope work, environmental, etc.  Dave McGlone suggested "emergency driving".</P>
<P ALIGN="JUSTIFY"></P>
</FONT><FONT SIZE=2 COLOR="#ff0000"><P ALIGN="JUSTIFY">FUNDRAISING COMMITTEE -- Bren Parkhurst reported on the Rummage Sale to be held Saturday, </P>
<P ALIGN="JUSTIFY">June 2 at Hilltop Caf&eacute;.  The Committee is requesting donations of saleable items for the sale.  Items should be priced ahead of time &amp; dropped off at Bren's house.  Also needed---tables, canopies, workers, etc.  The Committee will be sending out an email.  In the meantime, Team Leaders need to contact their groups.</P>
</FONT><FONT SIZE=2><P ALIGN="JUSTIFY"></P>
<P ALIGN="JUSTIFY">BUDDY SYSTEM --- Andrew Smith of Nampa was introduced.  Beth suggested a "buddy system" for new &amp; out-of-county members.  Current members who live in the County might want to invite these members to dinner or show them around the area.  Beth will send an e-mail with further details.</P>
<P ALIGN="JUSTIFY"></P>
<P ALIGN="JUSTIFY">SCHEDULE -- Beve distributed the June schedule, along with an up-to-date May schedule.</P>
<P ALIGN="JUSTIFY"></P>
<P ALIGN="JUSTIFY">VEHICLE/BUILDING MAINTENANCE --Terry Acker purchased oil for the ambulance---it's in the garage.  Check the oil---it periodically runs low.  Also, anyone staying at the ambulance building needs to make sure the phone is always plugged in.</P>
<P ALIGN="JUSTIFY"></P>
<P ALIGN="JUSTIFY">TRAINING--  Mietta Sibert commenced Responder Safety Training at 7:38 p.m..</P>
<P ALIGN="JUSTIFY"></P>
<P ALIGN="JUSTIFY">There being no further business, the meeting adjourned at 9:10 p.m.</P>
<P ALIGN="JUSTIFY"></P>
<P ALIGN="JUSTIFY">Submitted by Carol Riazzi, Secretary/Treasurer.</P></FONT></BODY>
</HTML>
