<html><body><pre>
MORES CREEK AMBULANCE BOARD MEETING
MARCH 6, 2202

Board Members Present: Terry Acker, Nancy Bishop, Beth Chandler, Rhonda
Grindstaff (Dirk Myers out of town on business)

Other Members Present: Karen Acker, Renee Johanson

*	START: Meeting called to order at 6:45 p.m. by Beth Chandler.
*	APPROVE FEBRUARY 6 BOARD MEETING MINUTES: Motion to approve-Terry?
Second-Nancy? Approved.
*	UPDATE ON SOP'S: A few comments were submitted.  Nancy and Harry
will review the SOP's next.
*	REVIEW REWARD SYSTEM PROPOSAL: A proposal was made to allow anyone
in the unit to nominate any other member for recognition of excellent
service. Reward types discussed included the following: verbal recognition,
certificate of recognition, Gift certificates, EMT trinkets, higher ticket
items once per quarter or some other time period to be determined. Also
discussed the possibility of using a point system--some easy way to track
contributions, e.g., shift counts and meeting attendance. Motion to purchase
Successories software and certificate paper-Terry. Second-Nancy.
Approved-Beth will order software and one pack of certificate paper. Motion
to have Karen spend $20 on reward items-Beth. Second-Nancy. Approved.
*	POTLUCK FOR MARCH 20 MEETING: Proposal to have a pot luck for the
training meeting in March. Karen will send out an announcement.
*	AED GRANT APPLICATION: Karen handed off information on an AED grant
from Prudential.  Rhonda will follow up on this and submit the paperwork.
The deadline is April 30.
*	MEMBER COMMUNICATION IDEA: Renee brought up the idea of using post
cards to communicated with her team members, particularly those who don't
have e-mail. She'll give it a try and see how it goes.
*	REVIEW FUNDRAISING IDEAS: Renee showed a quillow (quilt and pillow
all in one) as an idea of something that could be made and donated for a
fundraising activity. Research is being done to find out if we can rent
ducks for the proposed duck race. Still need to look into permits and
logistics for the duck race idea. Other ideas were briefly discussed,
including having a food booth at the Boise River Festival.
*	SHIFT COUNT TRACKING: Some discussion of what to do when a shift has
been filled in on the calendar but isn't actually pulled. A bit of manual
tracking will need to be done. We decided to leave it as it is for now.
CHANGE IN MEETING SCHEDULES: As a result of the E; mdsibert@earthlink.net
*	MT class being cancelled, it was decided to change the Board Meeting
to the first Thursday of the month, and the General/Training Meeting to the
third Thursday of the month.  This change will occur beginning in April.
*	COMMUNICATING EXPECTATIONS FOR SERVICE: A letter of expectations for
service will go out soon to remind members of what is required to be a
member of the unit. We briefly reviewed shift counts and meeting attendance
records for the past year. 
*	THANK YOU LETTER FOR DONATION: Nancy volunteered to draft a thank
you letter to Stephanie Johnson for her $250 donation and will pass it on to
Beth for her signature.
*	 ADJOURN: Motion to adjourn-Terry. Second-Nancy. Unanimous
agreement. Adjourned at 8:08 p.m.
</pre></body></html>
